The Constitution of the Union of Zrinana, Revised 05-Jan-2023.md, before:

# The Constitution of the Union of Zrinana, Revised
## 05-Jan-2023

*by ```[REDACTED]```*

### Part 1
Within this text, "The Union of Zrinana" shall be hereafter shortened to "Zrinana"
including the referrence of this document, "The Constitution of the Union of Zrinana, 
Revised" being, of course, shortened to "The Constitution of Zrinana, Revised" which
may in fact, within this document, be referred to as "the Constitution, Revised" or
simply "Constitution."

And each citizen of Zrinana, starting with the first two citizens which shall be 
```[REDACTED]``` (the clerk) and ```[REDACTED]``` (the Judge), shall be entitiled to the freedoms
of: speech, protest, conscience, religion, spirituality, thought, belief, opinion, and 
expression; and rights to: equality, vote, direct democracy (which means the right for a
citizen to opt in and out of such legislative and judicial processes), work (or the right for
one, a citizen, to be able to work), life, shelter, food, water, and all necessities should
they be able to be provided by this union. These fundamental rights shall remain the
case unless there is a unanimous decision to ammend this Constitution.

To manage the affairs of the people, the Clerk and Judge may be elected every five
or so years, unless their work deemed lousy by a majority of the people. The clerk must
have the responsibility of overseeing the management of the Parliament and all
legislative affairs, should there be any

Commit message:

Full paragraph 3 of part 1 of The Constitution of the Union of Zrinana, Revised 05-Jan-2023.md

The Constitution of the Union of Zrinana, Revised 05-Jan-2023.md, after:

# The Constitution of the Union of Zrinana, Revised
## 05-Jan-2023

*by ```[REDACTED]```*

### Part 1
Within this text, "The Union of Zrinana" shall be hereafter shortened to "Zrinana"
including the referrence of this document, "The Constitution of the Union of Zrinana, 
Revised" being, of course, shortened to "The Constitution of Zrinana, Revised" which
may in fact, within this document, be referred to as "the Constitution, Revised" or
simply "Constitution."

And each citizen of Zrinana, starting with the first two citizens which shall be 
```[REDACTED]``` (the clerk) and ```[REDACTED]``` (the Judge), shall be entitiled to the freedoms
of: speech, protest, conscience, religion, spirituality, thought, belief, opinion, and 
expression; and rights to: equality, vote, direct democracy (which means the right for a
citizen to opt in and out of such legislative and judicial processes), work (or the right for
one, a citizen, to be able to work), life, shelter, food, water, and all necessities should
they be able to be provided by this union. These fundamental rights shall remain the
case unless there is a unanimous decision to ammend this Constitution.

To manage the affairs of the people, the Clerk and Judge may be elected every five or so years, unless their work deemed lousy by a majority of the people. The Clerk must
have the responsibility of overseeing the management of the Parliament and alllegislative affairs, should there be any whatsoever. And the Judge shall have the responsibility of overseeing the management of the Judiciary and all judicial affairs. The rst Clerk, with the unanimous consent of all of the citizens of this Union, elect the uthor of this Constitution, Victoria P. to serve for a regular term and the Judge, also ith unanimous consent of all the citizens of this Union, elect Edward Costa to serve as adge for a regular term. With that being said, Zrinana shall be split between two visions: the Legislative and Judicial.
